c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\obj\Debug\DataEntryPOC.MVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\DataEntryPOC.MVC.dll.config
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\DataEntryPOC.MVC.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\DataEntryPOC.MVC.pdb
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\DataEntryPOC.Application.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\DataEntryPOC.Domain.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\DataEntryPOC.Infra.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\DataEntryPOC.Application.pdb
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\DataEntryPOC.Domain.pdb
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\DataEntryPOC.Infra.pdb
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\obj\Debug\DataEntryPOC.MVC.dll
c:\users\raphael.l.fernandes\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\obj\Debug\DataEntryPOC.MVC.pdb
C:\Users\raphael.l.fernandes\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\raphael.l.fernandes\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\raphael.l.fernandes\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\DataEntryPOC.MVC.dll.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\raphael.l.fernandes\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DataEntryPOC\DataEntryPOC.MVC\bin\DataEntryPOC.MVC.dll.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
